add_namespace = Brezhnev_Pol
add_namespace = Destalinization
add_namespace = Maoism_SU
add_namespace = Sakharov
add_namespace = Sakharov_HRC
add_namespace = Brezhnev_Ethniciy
add_namespace = ABMT
add_namespace = SALT_II
add_namespace = ROM_NORMALIZATION
add_namespace = SOV_PLO
add_namespace = SOV_AFG
add_namespace = Brezhnev_POL
add_namespace = SOV_Detente
add_namespace = SOV_VIN
add_namespace = SOV_Mid_FP
add_namespace = Sov_FP
add_namespace = Brezhnev
add_namespace = SOV_Kashmir
add_namespace = SOV_PAL
add_namespace = Solzhenitsyn
add_namespace = DevSocialism
add_namespace = Brezhnev_Constitution

country_event = {
	id = 
	title = ""
	desc = 
	picture = 
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = ""

	}
}
news_event = {
	id = SOV_AFG.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Invasion of Afghanistan"
	desc = SOV_AFG.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_AFG_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "This won't end well"

	}

}
 
 
news_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_POL.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Solidarity Crushed"
	desc = Brezhnev_POL.1.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_POL_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Concerning"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_Detente.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet's Embrace Detente"
	desc = SOV_Detente.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_Detente_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great News"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_VIN.20
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet Lobbying for Peace in Vietnam"
	desc = SOV_VIN.20.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_VIN_20
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Hopefully this reduces tension"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_Mid_FP.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]American-Soviet Arms Limitation Talks"
	desc = SOV_Mid_FP.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_Mid_FP_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Good News"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = ABMT.2
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]America Rejects the ABMT Treaty"
	desc = ABMT.2.d
	picture = GFX_ABMT_2
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = ABMT.3
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The ABMT Treaty"
	desc = ABMT.3.d
	picture = GFX_ABMT_3
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great News"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SALT_II.2
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]America Rejects SALT II"
	desc = SALT_II.2.d
	picture = GFX_SALT_II_3
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SALT_II.3
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The SALT II Treaty"
	desc = SALT_II.3.d
	picture = GFX_SALT_II_3
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great News"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Sov_FP.125
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]New Soviet Foiegn Policy Outlook"
	desc = Sov_FP.125.d
	picture = GFX_Sov_FP_125
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Brezhnev.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Brezhnev Doctrine"
	desc = Brezhnev.1.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = ROM_NORMALIZATION.4
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Invasion of Romania"
	desc = ROM_NORMALIZATION.4.d
	picture = GFX_ROM_NORMALIZATION_4
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Concerning"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = ROM_NORMALIZATION.5
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviets Backdown Over Romania"
	desc = ROM_NORMALIZATION.5.d
	picture = GFX_ROM_NORMALIZATION_5
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "An Embarassment"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_Kashmir.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet's Propose Talks Over Kashmir"
	desc = SOV_Kashmir.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_Kashmir_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Will they manage to end the conflict?"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_PAL.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet's Endorse a Two State Solution"
	desc = SOV_PAL.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_PAL_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "This will upset Israel"
		trigger = {
			NOT = { tag = ISR }
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"
		trigger = {
			tag = ISR 
		}
	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Solzhenitsyn.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet's Forbid Solzhenitsyn from Collecting the Nobel Prize"
	desc = Solzhenitsyn.1.d
	picture = GFX_Solzhenitsyn_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = DevSocialism.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]A Developed Socialism"
	desc = DevSocialism.1.d
	picture = GFX_DevSocialism_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Constitution.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Brezhnev Constitution"
	desc = Brezhnev_Constitution.1.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Constitution_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "What will this mean for the future of the union?"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Pol.100
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Breznhev's Growing List of Titles"
	desc = Brezhnev_Pol.100.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Pol_100
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Well that is something"

	}
}